Learn.
Welcome back to the course on Python programming.
Today we're finally completed the section on insulation and we're going to recap on what we learned
.
Let's get started.
In this section we learned number one category data type in Python.
As you recall it was very important for us to separate numeric daughter just even in our minds to separate
numeric data from categorical daughter and a great example of that was the year column which was originally
discovered by Python as a numeric column.
But we actually changed it to a category column because we didn't really need to work with the years
as numeric so we didn't need to connect your medic operations with them.
For us they were more of a classification type of data data elements.
So always it's always good to remember about these things whether your daughter is or your specific
column is a numeric home or it should be a categorical call.
And we started looking at different types of plots we talked about joint plots and we looked at the
next step or plot specifically that we talked about histograms.
Then we talked about stacked histograms and in the stacked histograms we actually had to perform quite
a bit of coding or some very creative coding in order to get the result that we wanted to create that
list that we passed to the highest function in order to create the solution.
So that was a very interesting Tauriel quite a bit of a challenge but we nevertheless powered through
it and create that beautiful visualization.
Then we looked at the Kaytee plot which probably something new because they do have their audience but
not always their use so if it was something new for you then that's totally fine and the Katie blood
was something that we used more throughout this section as well.
They really learn about using the subplots function to create layouts or to create multiple Plaza figure
including multiple plots that was quite a useful tutorial and then we returned to the subplots function
at the end when we're talking about dashboards.
Then we talked about Bollen plots and compared them to box plots and saw how they convey the same insides
but in different ways and when what are the advantages and disadvantages of each and when you would
use either of those approaches.
We talked about creating a facet grid and how to use that effectively to convey insights.
Then we looked at changing coordinates.
So zooming into the Fassett grid into areas so that we wouldn't have the x axis between minus 20 to
160 or to something else we had it only we changed it to 0 to 100 and so on.
So just to tidy things up.
We also talked about adding lines onto our charts and specifically on top Fassett grid and that had
to be done through a loop as you remember.
And that's another illustration of the difference between Python and are that in our we would use loops
very very rarely whereas in python we have to use them quite regularly because I think it's not a vectorized
programming language unlike our.
So they're they're both great and there are advantages to either too each one is just good to know these
differences and remember them and that's why I've been trying to point them out as we go through and
.
Then we talked about building dashboards.
Yes this was quite a big section and as you can see we're already up to point 10 were we talked about
building and dashboards and that was a valuable tool in our arsenal so we learnt how to create dashboard
two by two.
And in fact that same approach can be used to create dashboards with any number of plots and you can
even overlay plots on top of each other in those individual segments of the dashboards.
Then we had a tutorial with styling tips and we actually Saldo dashboard.
I'm still very happy how it turned out.
The dashboard looked very very professional and very kind of futuristic with that black background so
that was very exciting to do and hopefully you'll have some time to practice that and look at different
color maps that are available in Python and see which ones you like the most.
And finally we talked about some finishing touches so how to add some thematics to your charts.
And specifically we talked about how to add a title How to add access labels how to change access tick
fonts and sizes and how to change your legend size and how to change the background of each.
So quite a few things were covered there and that was a tutorial to aggregate those bits or scattered
bits of information that you would otherwise have to look for on the Internet.
So hopefully that will save you some time as well.
There we go.
Hope you enjoyed this section of the course.
There is so much more to seaborne there's so much more all in Python and we could go on forever.
But these tutorials do cover off the main basics of Weasel's of Pipelet and Brazil's ocean of seaborne
.
So from here whichever way you like to go you definitely can proceed and pick up new skills as you go
along the way.
I wish you the best of luck with all zation as law as well as with other aspects of coding in Python
.
And if you ever have any difficulties or challenges you can always come back to the course and review
the tutorials that will help you and guide you through those challenges.
Oakford see you next time.
And until then Heppy coding